hey guys what's up potato here today and
I'm gonna be doing a tutorial on how to
hack Dead Island the first game not
Riptide and what it gives you is level
60 pretty much every hacked off in god
mode way hacked how was it weapons no
well yeah you have all the high stuff in
squad mode and I really had to stamina
so it's like almost infinite it's like
it's just a ton and every single
blueprint that you can get and over 300
of the like material things you can get
and also you can buy anything from any
of the seller people or whatever for
zero dollars and you also have a ton of
money so with that let's get started so
make sure you have your USB and when you
do have a USB you're gonna want to plug
it into the right USB slot of your ps3
and then the game section go up to save
data utility and just copy any save game
profile that you can find besides Dead
Island like for me I did black ops 2 so
here it is and so yeah that's all you
need and then these two things will be
in the description this actually came
from that so just don't worry about that
so then your semana open up the save
designer 2.0 that's the version we're
gonna be doing and here we go so as you
can see I did black ops 2 and yeah so
we're gonna go ahead and open a single
game save
we're going to find the hacked dead
island thing which you should have
copied out of your winrar folder onto
your desktop or something here so go
ahead and find it which the folder is
dead island so that's it and when you
get it it's gonna be the this one SG
save - that's the only one I do and
click OK and here we go so we have all
this stuff we're gonna load from
actually do a file from that stuff oh
and it should already be like this if
not just scroll down to your USB and
just get the per m dot s fo open it then
we're gonna load from this one from that
SFO open so two times then make sure
copy protection is unchecked and you
just want to go ahead and resign so wait
for that to be done and when it's done
just click save to current USB Drive and
wait for the green thing ok that's good
son you can just exit out when you see
that saved over to here cuz this just
shows you what's in your USB and now you
just want to go ahead and click the Dead
Island one click owner load from file
dot Prem that SFO and there we go and
just click update
and now we are done
so yeah that's actually it and you can
just go ahead and plug it into your ps3
again on the right side there on the
right USB slot there's two of them
there's one on the left and the right
just do the right and yeah so hope you
guys enjoy this tutorial
tell me please let me know in the
comments if I did anything wrong I'll
redo this video doing it correctly so
yeah see you guys next video